feat(client): handle timeout in SSE link (#6214)
trpc/trpc: www/docs/client/links/httpSubscriptionLink.md

      }),
      false: httpBatchLink({
        url: '/api/trpc',
      }),
    }),
  ],
});
```

When a timeout occurs:

1. The connection state will change to "connecting"
2. The client will automatically attempt to reconnect
3. Any tracked event IDs will be preserved and sent with the new connection to resume from the last received message

This is useful for:

- Detecting stale connections that may have silently failed
- Automatically recovering from network interruptions
- Ensuring your subscriptions stay active even during periods of inactivity

:::tip
The timeout includes ping messages sent by the server. If you're experiencing timeouts during normal operation, you may want to:

1. Increase the `reconnectAfterInactivityMs` value
2. Adjust your server's ping interval to be more frequent

:::

## Server Ping Configuration {#server-ping}

The server can be configured to send periodic ping messages to keep the connection alive and prevent timeout disconnections. This is particularly useful when combined with the `reconnectAfterInactivityMs` option on the client.

```ts title="server/trpc.ts"
import { initTRPC } from '@trpc/server';

export const t = initTRPC.create({
  sse: {

>     // Maximum duration of a single SSE connection in milliseconds
>     maxDurationMs: 1000,

Author: ```suggestion
    // Maximum duration of a single SSE connection in milliseconds
    // maxDurationMs: 60_00,
```

    ping: {
      // Enable periodic ping messages to keep connection alive
      enabled: true,
      // Send ping message every 200ms
      intervalMs: 200,
    },
  },
});
```

> When configuring both client timeout and server ping, ensure that:

Reviewer: could this be a validation step at runtime?

Author: tricky tbh
